doc(dashboard): summary of extensions & add dir (#1463)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/dashboard/extensions.md

# Extensions

> With the Extension module, users can use the gateway to access non-MQTT protocol connections and message sending and receiving, and use the Plugin or ExHook to modify and extend system functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Extension module, users can use the gateway to access non-MQTT protocol connections and message publishing and receiving, and use the Plugin or ExHook to modify and extend the system.
```
